Orga: first draft for winter 2024/25 (#254)
Compiler-CampusMinden/CB-Vorlesung-Bachelor: readme.md

|          | _(Prüfungsphase 1. Termin)_ | _Keine Prüfung_                                                                                               |                                                          |                                                                                           |             |                                                    |
|          | _(Prüfungsphase 2. Termin)_ | **Parcoursprüfung: mdl. Prüfung (ALL\*)**                                                                     |                                                          |                                                                                           |             |                                                    |

Abgabe der Übungsblätter jeweils **bis 08:00 Uhr** [im ILIAS](https://www.hsbi.de/elearning/goto.php?target=exc_1356670&client_id=FH-Bielefeld).

[Google Kalender]: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/5121604486803dcdb5cfaa8602b8b09ce76743d8b9216795606617cac807e595%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics

> [Orga]: https://github.com/Programmiermethoden-CampusMinden/Prog2-Lecture/discussions/categories/q-a

Author: ```suggestion
[Orga]: https://github.com/Compiler-CampusMinden/CB-Vorlesung-Bachelor/discussions/categories/q-a?discussions_q=category%3AQ%26A+is%3Aopen
```
